I
rated M for Mature
the lands of n korea have flowed with t
energy since time immemorial this
mysterious power is the root of all life
the source of all magic the origin of
all thought eons past and the Seraphim
continued to watch over the fate of the
world in their wisdom the Seraphin chose
to share their knowledge bestowing
magical secrets of the energy upon the
favoured high elves but power breeds
fear anger and jealousy the perilous
energy became the center of all disputes
finally a terrible war raged through an
Korea erasing all order in its wake an
even more advanced I Alvin civilization
arose from the ashes of the Dead
deriving her power from abusing to
beautiful cities and people are
threatened by the T energy that has
escaped its confines hideous mutated
creatures now rampage through the lines
destroying everything
and Korea needs fortitude n a strength
of will to determine its future will you
strive to prevent the world from
plunging into chaos or will you roll and
kario into the fiery abyss
you